ironclad evidence
Really?
When you framed my father, old man
Have you ever imagined that today
This is the last book you ever wrote to my father
The content of the letter
I think you know better than me
Your Majesty please take a look
When the mother finally remembers the truth
You can tell at a glance
Ok you act
Zhenmei Wang's work is great
Made countless achievements
How dare you imitate the imperial decree to slander him
I don't have it.
Please check it out, Your Majesty
No matter and you only have one letter
Not enough to identify you
line large characters
I hope the father will find out
Please come up.
Where did you find this letter?
It was a case five years ago
It has always been my heart disease
I will send someone to find out the authenticity of this letter
maybe
This letter was forged by the prince
Did you deliberately plant the frame sheet?